Adds Default Contraints doc (#788)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/master/tutorials_howtos/OPA_integration/_index.en.md

        }
```

Kubermatic Constraint Template corresponds 1:1 to the Gatekeeper Constraint Template.

#### Deleting Constraint Templates

Deleting Constraint Templates causes all related Constraints to be deleted as well.

### Managing Constraints

Constraints are managed similarly to Constraint Templates through Kubermatic CRD wrappers around the Gatekeeper Constraints,
the difference being that Constraints are managed on the user cluster level. Furthermore, due to the way Gatekeeper works,
Constraints need to be associated with a Constraint Template.

> `Note: You can now manage Default Constraints from the Admin Panel. This is an EE feature.`

Reviewer: Default Constraints is not EE, just the disabling/enabling and filtering

```

- `constraintType` - must be equal to the name of an existing Constraint Template
- `match` - works the same as [Gatekeeper Constraint matching](https://github.com/open-policy-agent/gatekeeper#constraints)

> - `parameters` - holds the rawJSON parameters that are used in Constraints. As in Gatekeeper, this can be basically anything, Kubermatic just uses it as a raw JSON string to be able to structure it.

Reviewer: Lets update this, rawJson should be deprecated so lets not comment on it anymore

```suggestion
- `parameters` - holds the parameters that are used in Constraints. As in Gatekeeper, this can be basically anything that fits the related Constraint Template.
```
